---
title: Microsoft.Testing.Platform FAQ
description: Get answers to frequently asked questions about Microsoft.Testing.Platform.
author: Evangelink
ms.author: amauryleve
ms.date: 07/09/2024
---

# Microsoft.Testing.Platform FAQ

This article contains answers to commonly asked questions about `Microsoft.Testing.Platform`.

## error CS8892: Method 'TestingPlatformEntryPoint.Main(string[])' will not be used as an entry point because a synchronous entry point 'Program.Main(string[])' was found

Manually defining an entry point (`Main`) in a test project or referencing a test project from an application that already has an entry point results in a conflict with the entry point generated by `Microsoft.Testing.Platform`. To avoid this issue, take one of these steps:

- Remove your manually defined entry point, typically `Main` method in _Program.cs_, and let the testing platform generate one for you.

- Disable the generation of the entry point by setting the `<GenerateTestingPlatformEntryPoint>false</GenerateTestingPlatformEntryPoint>` MSBuild property.

- Completely disable the transitive dependency to `Microsoft.Testing.Platform.MSBuild` by setting the `<IsTestingPlatformApplication>false</IsTestingPlatformApplication>` MSBuild property in the project that references a test project. This is needed when you reference a test project from a non-test project, for example, a console app that references a test application.

## Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.UnitTestIsolation.UnitTestIsolationException: Failed to resolve profiler path from COR_PROFILER_PATH and COR_PROFILER environment variables

The `Microsoft.Testing.Extensions.Fakes` NuGet package brings in the necessary files needed to run the tests. If not all
of the files get copied to the bin folder a `UnitTestIsolationException` issue will be throws during the test run. This
most likely occurs when the test project targets .NET frameworks TFMs using the MSTest SDK.

- For .NET framework TFMs check if files such as `MicrosoftInstrumentationEngine_<Platform>.dll`, `FakesInstrumentationProfiler_<Platform>.config` and `Microsoft.QualityTools.Testing.Fakes.Instrumentation_<Platform>.dll` are missing from the bin folder. For .NET core TFMs check if these files exist under the `runtimes\win\native` folder under the bin folder.

- Remove `PlatformTarget` MSBuild property, or set it explicitly to `x86/x64`.